Ffweb 839 upgrade guide (#163)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.0/en/documentation/include-scripts.md

The following section shows a boilerplate for including FACT-Finder Web Components in your website. `custom-elements-es5-adapter.js` and `webcomponents-loader.js` will load the required Polyfills minimized to the needs of the calling browser. 

> Note that the [default-styles.css](todo-link-to-github-after-release) within our dist folder is already bundled into `bundle.js` and hence is not necessary to extra load it into your page. It is there only for reference.

Reviewer: Please don't forget it though ;) 
Maybe create a ticket now?

Reviewer 2: [This](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/blob/release/3.0/dist/default-styles.css) is it from the release project.

The following section shows a boilerplate for including FACT-Finder Web Components in your website. `custom-elements-es5-adapter.js` and `webcomponents-loader.js` will load the required Polyfills minimized to the needs of the calling browser. 

Note that the [default-styles.css](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/blob/release/3.0/dist/default-styles.css) within our dist folder is already bundled into `bundle.js` and hence is not required to be referenced on your page. It is only for reference.

**Boilerplate Code**
```html
<head>
    <!-- Do not change the order of the scripts to ensure all required polyfills are loaded before our script -->
    <script src="../dist/vendor/custom-elements-es5-adapter.js"></script>
    <script src="../dist/vendor/webcomponents-loader.js"></script>
    <script defer src="../dist/bundle.js"></script>
</head>
```

## Prevent Flash Of Unstyled Content (FOUC)

---

> In browsers where Web Components are not natively supported you might encounter ugly flashing of unstyled content while the page is loading. To prevent this just annotate all elements that have a visual component and are shown immediately on page-load with the `unresolved` attribute.

Author: > In browsers where Web Components are not natively supported

I wonder if we should remove or rewrite that part. I think even in browsers which support Web Components there might occur some flashes, until the HTML templates have been removed by our framework...

Reviewer 2: True. Let's keep it general then. So writing something like this?
```
Depending on browser load times yo might encounter.....
```

> In browsers where Web Components are not natively supported you might encounter ugly flashing of unstyled content while the page is loading. To prevent this just annotate all elements that have a visual component and are shown immediately on page-load with the `unresolved` attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the browser's page load time you might encounter ugly flashes of unstyled content and uncomplete HTML template pieces. To prevent this just annotate all elements that have a visual component and are shown immediately on page-load with the `unresolved` attribute.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the browser's page load time you might encounter ugly flashes of unstyled content and incomplete HTML template pieces. To prevent this simply annotate all elements that have a visual component and are shown immediately after page load with the `unresolved` attribute.
```
